Python pillow rotate (#4777)
Codecademy/docs: content/pillow/concepts/image/terms/rotate/rotate.md

> ---
> Title: '.rotate()'
> Description: 'Rotates the image around its center anticlockwise by the specified number of degrees.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Web Design'
>   - 'Web Development'
> Tags:
>   - 'Computer Vision'
>   - 'Images'
>   - 'Pillow'
> CatalogContent:
>  - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.rotate()'
Description: 'Rotates the image around its center counterclockwise by the specified number of degrees.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Images'
  - 'Pillow'
CatalogContent:
 - 'learn-python-3'
 - 'paths/computer-science'
 - 'paths/data-science'
 - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
---
```

Reviewer: Modifications:
1. 'Counterclockwise' suits better when it comes to images. (However, both are correct).
2. The number of tags can be 2, the most relevant ones and same for the subjects as well.

> In Pillow, the **`.rotate()`** method is used to change the rotation of an image. Pillow is a widely used Python library for image processing and manipulation, supporting formats such as JPEG, PNG, PPM, TIFF, GIF and BMP. It can be easily installed on a local PC using [pip](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/pip).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pillow, the **`.rotate()`** method is used to rotate an image by a specified number of degrees counterclockwise. Pillow is a popular Python library for image processing and manipulation, with support for formats like JPEG, PNG, PPM, TIFF, GIF, and BMP. It can be easily installed on a local PC using [pip](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/pip).
```

Reviewer: Just added the "counterclockwise" line here, and updated a line in the center about formats supported since it was plagiarised.

Author: > Just added the "counterclockwise" line here, and updated a line in the center about formats supported since it was plagiarised.

I based the entry on the latest pillow term that was on the docs website (resize) as they were quite similar and shared quite a bit of information. It was not my intention to plagiarize, I thought it would be more uniformed and could be easier to compare and contrast the features if they were displayed similarly. I apologize.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Image.rotate(angle, resample=Resampling.NEAREST, expand=0, center=None, translate=None, fillcolor=None)
```

> - `angle`: Degrees to rotate the image counterclockwise.
> - `resample`: Choose from Resampling.NEAREST (default), Resampling.BILINEAR (linear interpolation), or Resampling.BICUBIC (cubic interpolation).
> - `expand`: If true, the output image is large enough to include the entire rotated image. If false, it remains the same size as the input image.
> - `center`: Sets the center of rotation with a 2-tuple. The origin is the upper-left corner.
> - `translate`: Moves the image after rotation.
> - `fillcolor`: Color to fill areas outside the rotated image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `angle`: The angle to rotate the image by, in degrees counterclockwise.
- `resample`: The resampling filter to use. Options include `Resampling.NEAREST`, `Resampling.BILINEAR`, `Resampling.BICUBIC`, and `Resamplinge.LANCZOS`. The default is `Resampling.NEAREST`.
- `expand`: A boolean that, if `True`, expands the output image to make sure the whole rotated image fits. The default is `False`.
- `center`: A tuple `(x, y)` representing the center of rotation. The origin is the upper-left corner.
- `translate`: A tuple (x, y) representing post-rotate translation. The default is None.
- `fillcolor`: The color to use for areas outside the rotated image. The default is None.
```

Reviewer: reframed the sentences for clarity

> > **Note:\*** The `.rotate()` method requires the `angle` parameter, while `resample`, `expand`, `center`, `translate` and `fillcolor` are optional parameters for additional control over teh rotating process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The `.rotate()` method requires the `angle` parameter, while `resample`, `expand`, `center`, `translate`, and `fillcolor` are optional parameters for additional control over the rotating process.
```

Reviewer: removed the ** ** from Note, since it is not a property, and corrected the spelling of "the"

## Example

The following example demostrates the use of the '.rotate()' method to change the angle of the image:

```py

> from PIL import Image
> 
> # Original image is rotated 0 degrees.
> img = Image.open('pillow-rotate-earth.png')
> 
> # Showcasing the original image
> img.show()
> 
> pillow-rotate-earth-rotated = img.rotate(30)
> 
> #Showcasing the rotated image
> img_rotated.show()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from PIL import Image

# Original image is rotated 0 degrees.
img = Image.open('pillow-rotate-earth.png')

# Showcasing the original image
img.show()

# Rotating the image by 30 degrees
image_rotated = img.rotate(30)

# Showcasing the rotated image
img_rotated.show()
```

Reviewer: Updated the variable name to `img_rotated` and added a comment to explain rotate

```

> The code snippet showcase the image in the output as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code snippet showcases the following output:
```
